Update globalsettings documentation for 10.x (#4011)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Reference/V9-Config/GlobalSettings/index-v10.md

### Install missing database

This is not a setting that commonly needs to be configured.

If enabled Umbraco will try to automatically install the database when it's missing. This is primarily used in conjuction with unattended installs.

### Disable election for single server

This is not a setting that commonly needs to be configured.

This value is primarily used on Umbraco Cloud for a small startup performance optimization. When this is true, the website instance will automatically be configured to not support load balancing and the website instance will be configured to be the 'primary' server for scheduling so no [primary election](https://our.umbraco.com/documentation/Getting-Started/Setup/Server-Setup/load-balancing/file-system-replication.md) occurs. This will save 1 database call during startup.

### Database factory version

This is not a setting that commonly needs to be configured. 

This setting is used to specify which sql server version that the database is running, this setting is only required if you use SqlServer 2008, if this is the case set the setting to `"SqlServer.V2008"`

### Main dom lock

Specifies the implementation of `IMainDomLock` to be used.

> IMainDomLock is used to synchronize access to various resources e.g. Lucene indexes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`IMainDomLock` is used to synchronize access to various resources e.g. Lucene indexes.
```

Available options:

+ **FileSystemMainDomLock** - Available cross-platform, uses lock files written to LocalTempPath to control acquisition of MainDom status.
+ **MainDomSemaphoreLock** - Windows only, uses a named Semaphore with a `maximumCount` of 1 to control acquisition of MainDom status.
+ **SqlMainDomLock** - Available cross-platform, uses the database to control acquisition of MainDom status.

The default implementation unless configured otherwise is `FileSystemMainDomLock`.

### Main dom key discriminator

For advanced use cases e.g. deployment slot swapping on Azure app services.

When using SqlMainDomLock a MainDomKey is used to identify an instance of a running application.

> The MainDomKey is by default comprised of the server's machine name & the application id.
> This is generally all that is required to control MainDom status as starting a new process for the same application on the same
> server will result in a matching MainDomKey, requiring that an existing instance yields MainDom status to the new process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `MainDomKey` is by default comprised of the server's machine name & the application id. This is generally all that is required to control the `MainDom` status as starting a new process for the same application on the same server will result in a matching `MainDomKey`. This will require that an existing instance yields the `MainDom` status to the new process.
```

> Deployment slots for a given Azure app service share the same machine name and without additional configuration will share a
> MainDomKey and therefore compete for MainDom status, this can be undesirable if attempting to deploy to a deployment slot
> followed by a swap with the production slot as once traffic has switched to the new instance the old production instance reboots
> and can re-acquire MainDom status.
> See [What happens during a swap](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/deploy-staging-slots#what-happens-during-a-swap).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deployment slots for a given Azure App Service share the same machine name. Without additional configuration, they will share a MainDomKey and therefore compete for MainDom status. This can be undesirable if attempting to deploy to a deployment slot followed by a swap with the production slot as once traffic has switched to the new instance the old production instance reboots and can re-acquire MainDom status.
See [What happens during a swap](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/deploy-staging-slots#what-happens-during-a-swap).
```

### Timeout

Configures the number of minutes without any requests being made before the Umbraco user will be required to re-login. Any backoffice request will reset the clock. The format is HH:MM:SS.

### Default UI language

The default language to use in the backoffice if a user isn't explicitly assigned one.

### Hide top level nodes from path

If you are running multiple sites, you don't want the top level node in your URL and can disable it with this setting.

### Use https

Makes sure that all of the requests in the backoffice are called over HTTPS instead of HTTP when set to true.

### Version check period

When this value is set above 0, the backoffice will check for a new version of Umbraco every 'x' number of days where 'x' is the value defined for this setting. Set this value to 0 to never check for a new version.

### Umbraco path

The URL pointing to the Umbraco backoffice, if you change this value you also need to rename the `/umbraco` and `wwwroot/umbraco` folders to match this new name. Be aware that if you run your site on linux the casing needs to be identical.

### Icons path

> By adding this value you can specify a new/different folder for storing your icon resources, it's important to be aware of NetCores limitations regarding serving static file content, by default, static content will only be serverd from the wwwroot folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By adding this value you can specify a new/different folder for storing your icon resources. It's important to be aware of NetCore's limitations regarding serving static file content. By default, static content will only be served from the `wwwroot` folder.
```

### Install missing database

This is not a setting that commonly needs to be configured.

If enabled Umbraco will try to automatically install the database when it's missing. This is primarily used in conjuction with unattended installs.

### Disable election for single server

This is not a setting that commonly needs to be configured.

This value is primarily used on Umbraco Cloud for a small startup performance optimization. When this is true, the website instance will automatically be configured to not support load balancing and the website instance will be configured to be the 'primary' server for scheduling so no [primary election](https://our.umbraco.com/documentation/Getting-Started/Setup/Server-Setup/load-balancing/file-system-replication.md) occurs. This will save 1 database call during startup.

### Database factory version

This is not a setting that commonly needs to be configured.

This setting is used to specify which sql server version that the database is running, this setting is only required if you use SqlServer 2008, if this is the case set the setting to `"SqlServer.V2008"`

### Main dom lock

Specifies the implementation of IMainDomLock to be used.

> IMainDomLock is used to synchronize access to various resources e.g. Lucene indexes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`IMainDomLock` is used to synchronize access to resources like the Lucene indexes.
```

> IMainDomLock is used to synchronize access to various resources e.g. Lucene indexes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IMainDomLock is used to synchronize access to resources like the Lucene indexes.
```

Available options:

+ `"FileSystemMainDomLock"`- Available cross-platform, uses lock files written to LocalTempPath to control acquisition of MainDom status.
+ `"MainDomSemaphoreLock"` - Windows only, uses a named system Semaphore with a `maximumCount` of 1 to control acquisition of MainDom status.
+ `"SqlMainDomLock"` - Available cross-platform, uses the database to control acquisition of MainDom status.

The default implementation unless configured otherwise is `FileSystemMainDomLock`.

### Main dom key discriminator

For advanced use cases e.g. deployment slot swapping on Azure app services.

When using SqlMainDomLock a MainDomKey is used to identify an instance of a running application.

The MainDomKey is by default comprised of the server's machine name & the application id.

> This is generally all that is required to control MainDom status as starting a new process for the same application on the same
> server will result in a matching MainDomKey, requiring that an existing instance yields MainDom status to the new process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is generally all that is required to control MainDom status as starting a new process for the same application on the same server will result in a matching MainDomKey. This will then require that an existing instance yields MainDom status to the new process.
```

> This is generally all that is required to control MainDom status as starting a new process for the same application on the same
> server will result in a matching MainDomKey, requiring that an existing instance yields MainDom status to the new process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is generally all that is required to control MainDom status as starting a new process for the same application on the same server will result in a matching MainDomKey. This will then require that an existing instance yields MainDom status to the new process.
```

> Deployment slots for a given Azure app service share the same machine name and without additional configuration will share a
> MainDomKey and therefore compete for MainDom status, this can be undesirable if attempting to deploy to a deployment slot
> followed by a swap with the production slot as once traffic has switched to the new instance the old production instance reboots
> and can re-acquire MainDom status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deployment slots for a given Azure App Service share the same machine name. Without additional configuration, they will share a MainDomKey and therefore compete for MainDom status. This can be undesirable if attempting to deploy to a deployment slot followed by a swap with the production slot as once traffic has switched to the new instance the old production instance reboots and can re-acquire MainDom status.
```

> Deployment slots for a given Azure app service share the same machine name and without additional configuration will share a
> MainDomKey and therefore compete for MainDom status, this can be undesirable if attempting to deploy to a deployment slot
> followed by a swap with the production slot as once traffic has switched to the new instance the old production instance reboots
> and can re-acquire MainDom status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deployment slots for a given Azure App Service share the same machine name. Without additional configuration, they will share a MainDomKey and therefore compete for MainDom status. This can be undesirable if attempting to deploy to a deployment slot followed by a swap with the production slot as once traffic has switched to the new instance the old production instance reboots and can re-acquire MainDom status.
```
